updated 'deploy-gpu-node-pool.md' with instructions for using Headless OS (#3171)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: AKS-Hybrid/deploy-gpu-node-pool.md

### Step 2: uninstall the NVIDIA host driver

Open a remote powershell session to each host, or run the following local in Powershell. Start by uninstalling the NVIDIA host driver, then reboot the machine. After the machine reboots, confirm that the driver was successfully uninstalled:

```powershell
PNPUTIL /enum-drivers
```

Open an elevated PowerShell prompt and run the following command:

```powershell
Get-PnpDevice | Where-Object FriendlyName -Like '3D Video*' | Select-Object Status, FriendlyName, InstanceId 
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you please move these lines (L71-76) to that between L95 and L96.

You should see the installed drivers in the **PNPUTIL** output. If the **Provider Name** is listed as **NVIDIA Corporation**, that is the driver you need to target for uninstalling. Make a note of the **Published Name**, as you must use that in the next command:

```output
Published Name:     oem15.inf
Original Name:      nvlwswi.inf
Provider Name:      NVIDIA
Class Name:         Display
Class GUID:         {4d36e968-e325-11ce-bfc1-08002be10318}
Driver Version:     03/05/2024 31.0.15.5178
Signer Name:        Microsoft Windows Hardware Compatibility Publisher
```

Run the following command in your Powershell session, and replace `.\oem1.inf` with the value in **Published Name** from the previous **PNPUTIL Enum-Devices** output:

```powershell

> pnputil /delete-driver .\oem1.inf /uninstall /reboot

Reviewer: We'd better replace `.\oem1.inf` to something like `<oem#.inf>`, avoiding someone copy, paste, run without noticing your guideline above.

Author: I call this out on line 89 and suggest that you replace the value with a value from the output.

Reviewer: Yes. But `oem1.inf` is a real driver. If someone just copy, paste and run without replacing the value, a driver will be removed unexpectedly. By given `<oem#.inf>` in sample code, the command with fail with noop to system. It's safer.

When you uninstall the host driver, the physical GPU goes into an error state. You must dismount all the GPU devices from the host.

> For each GPU (3D Video Controller) device, run the following commands in PowerShell. This command will create a variable named "ID1" and "lp1" and populate the instance ID of the first GPU; for example, `PCI\VEN_10DE&DEV_1EB8&SUBSYS_12A210DE&REV_A1\4&32EEF88F&0&0000` from the previous command output. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each GPU (3D Video Controller) device, run the following commands in PowerShell. This command creates variables named `ID1` and `lp1` and populates the instance ID of the first GPU; for example, `PCI\VEN_10DE&DEV_1EB8&SUBSYS_12A210DE&REV_A1\4&32EEF88F&0&0000` from the previous command output. 
```

```powershell
$gpu=Get-PnpDevice -FriendlyName "3D Video Controller"
$id0 =$gpu[0].InstanceId
$lp0 = (Get-PnpDeviceProperty -KeyName DEVPKEY_Device_LocationPaths -InstanceId $id1).Data[0]
Disable-PnpDevice -InstanceId $id1 -Confirm:$false
Dismount-VMHostAssignableDevice -LocationPath $lp1 -Force
```

> IF you have more then one GPU, please use the additonal command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have more than one GPU, use the following additional command:
```

When you uninstall the host driver, the physical GPU goes into an error state. You must dismount all the GPU devices from the host.

For each GPU (3D Video Controller) device, run the following commands in PowerShell. This command will create a variable named "ID1" and "lp1" and populate the instance ID of the first GPU; for example, `PCI\VEN_10DE&DEV_1EB8&SUBSYS_12A210DE&REV_A1\4&32EEF88F&0&0000` from the previous command output. 

```powershell
$gpu=Get-PnpDevice -FriendlyName "3D Video Controller"
$id0 =$gpu[0].InstanceId

> $lp0 = (Get-PnpDeviceProperty -KeyName DEVPKEY_Device_LocationPaths -InstanceId $id1).Data[0]

Reviewer: You renamed the variables to `$id0` and `$lp0` here, but subsequence lines (112-114) are still using `$id1` and `$lp1`.

Author: i see the issue, quick fix.

For each GPU (3D Video Controller) device, run the following commands in PowerShell. Copy the instance ID; for example, `PCI\VEN_10DE&DEV_1EB8&SUBSYS_12A210DE&REV_A1\4&32EEF88F&0&0000` from the previous command output:

```powershell
$gpu=Get-PnpDevice -FriendlyName "3D Video Controller"

> $id1 =$gpu[0].InstanceId

Reviewer: These works for single GPU device. But if there're multiple GPU installed on one host, we need a loop. Moreover, end users may want to choose to setup some, but not all of devices.

Author: This is called out on line 107 with the statement "For Each GPU...., run the following commands in Powershell."  Do we need to make it even more clear?

Reviewer: In line 110 the `$gpu` gets all devices named as "3D Video Controller", so in line 111 the `$id1` will always be set to the instance id of the first GPU device.
